README.md, before:

# 🚀 Personal Portfolio Website

<div align="center">

![Portfolio Banner](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-Live-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18.3-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-3.4-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Framer Motion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-11.11-FF0055?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-5.4-646CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white)

**A modern, responsive, and animated portfolio website built with React, Tailwind CSS, and Framer Motion**

[🌐 Live Demo](https://arpanpramanik.vercel.app) • [📧 Contact](mailto:pramanikarpan089@gmail.com) • [💼 LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/arpanpramanik)

</div>

---

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [✨ Features](#-features)
- [🛠️ Technologies Used](#️-technologies-used)
- [📂 Project Structure](#-project-structure)
- [🚀 Getting Started](#-getting-started)
- [📦 Installation](#-installation)
- [🎨 Customization](#-customization)
- [🌐 Deployment](#-deployment)
- [📸 Screenshots](#-screenshots)
- [👨‍💻 About Me](#-about-me)
- [📄 License](#-license)
- [🤝 Contributing](#-contributing)
- [📞 Contact](#-contact)

---

## ✨ Features

### 🎯 Core Features
- ✅ **Fully Responsive Design** - Perfect on all devices (mobile, tablet, desktop)
- ✅ **Dark/Light Mode Toggle** - Smooth theme switching with persistent preferences
- ✅ **Smooth Scroll Navigation** - Seamless navigation between sections
- ✅ **Interactive Animations** - Powered by Framer Motion for engaging user experience
- ✅ **Modern UI/UX** - Clean, professional design with gradient backgrounds
- ✅ **SEO Optimized** - Proper meta tags and semantic HTML

### 📱 Sections
- 🏠 **Hero Section** - Eye-catching introduction with animated profile and social links
- 👤 **About Me** - Professional background, education, and interests
- 💼 **Skills** - Interactive skill cards with proficiency levels and progress bars
- 🎓 **Experience** - Timeline-based work experience and internships
- 🚀 **Projects** - Filterable project showcase with live demos and GitHub links
- 📚 **Research** - Academic publications and research work
- 🏆 **Certificates** - Professional certifications and training programs
- 📧 **Contact** - Working contact form with EmailJS integration
- 🔗 **Footer** - Quick links and social media connections

### 🎨 Design Highlights
- Floating background animations throughout
- Gradient color schemes
- Glass morphism effects
- Smooth page transitions
- Interactive hover states
- Animated progress bars
- Custom scrollbar styling
- Loading animations

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

### Frontend Framework & Libraries
- **React 18.3** - Modern JavaScript library for building user interfaces
- **Vite 5.4** - Lightning-fast build tool and development server
- **Tailwind CSS 3.4** - Utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development
- **Framer Motion 11.11** - Production-ready motion library for React

### Additional Tools
- **EmailJS** - Client-side email service for contact form
- **React Scroll** - Smooth scrolling navigation
- **Lucide React** - Beautiful & consistent icon library
- **React Type Animation** - Typing animation effects

### Development Tools
- **ESLint** - Code linting and quality checks
- **PostCSS** - CSS transformations
- **Autoprefixer** - Automatic vendor prefixing

Commit message:

Update README to remove Table of Contents and add About Me
Removed the Table of Contents section and added an About Me section with personal details and qualifications.

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Personal Portfolio Website

<div align="center">

![Portfolio Banner](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-Live-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18.3-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-3.4-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Framer Motion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-11.11-FF0055?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-5.4-646CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white)

**A modern, responsive, and animated portfolio website built with React, Tailwind CSS, and Framer Motion**

[🌐 Live Demo](https://arpanpramanik.vercel.app) • [📧 Contact](mailto:pramanikarpan089@gmail.com) • [💼 LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/arpanpramanik)

</div>

---

## ✨ Features

### 🎯 Core Features
- ✅ **Fully Responsive Design** - Perfect on all devices (mobile, tablet, desktop)
- ✅ **Dark/Light Mode Toggle** - Smooth theme switching with persistent preferences
- ✅ **Smooth Scroll Navigation** - Seamless navigation between sections
- ✅ **Interactive Animations** - Powered by Framer Motion for engaging user experience
- ✅ **Modern UI/UX** - Clean, professional design with gradient backgrounds
- ✅ **SEO Optimized** - Proper meta tags and semantic HTML

### 📱 Sections
- 🏠 **Hero Section** - Eye-catching introduction with animated profile and social links
- 👤 **About Me** - Professional background, education, and interests
- 💼 **Skills** - Interactive skill cards with proficiency levels and progress bars
- 🎓 **Experience** - Timeline-based work experience and internships
- 🚀 **Projects** - Filterable project showcase with live demos and GitHub links
- 📚 **Research** - Academic publications and research work
- 🏆 **Certificates** - Professional certifications and training programs
- 📧 **Contact** - Working contact form with EmailJS integration
- 🔗 **Footer** - Quick links and social media connections

### 🎨 Design Highlights
- Floating background animations throughout
- Gradient color schemes
- Glass morphism effects
- Smooth page transitions
- Interactive hover states
- Animated progress bars
- Custom scrollbar styling
- Loading animations

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

### Frontend Framework & Libraries
- **React 18.3** - Modern JavaScript library for building user interfaces
- **Vite 5.4** - Lightning-fast build tool and development server
- **Tailwind CSS 3.4** - Utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development
- **Framer Motion 11.11** - Production-ready motion library for React

### Additional Tools
- **EmailJS** - Client-side email service for contact form
- **React Scroll** - Smooth scrolling navigation
- **Lucide React** - Beautiful & consistent icon library
- **React Type Animation** - Typing animation effects

### Development Tools
- **ESLint** - Code linting and quality checks
- **PostCSS** - CSS transformations
- **Autoprefixer** - Automatic vendor prefixing

## 👨‍💻 About Me

Hi! I'm **Arpan Pramanik**, a passionate Computer Science student specializing in **AI/ML** at The Neotia University, West Bengal. I'm a **Full-Stack Developer** and **AI/ML Enthusiast** with hands-on experience in building production-grade web applications and deep learning models.

### 🎓 Education
- **B.Tech in CSE (AIML)** - The Neotia University (2023-2027)
- **CGPA:** 9.42/10

### 💼 Experience
- 10+ Production Deployments
- 3 Internships Completed
- 5+ Professional Certifications

### 🔬 Research Interests
- Deep Learning & Computer Vision
- Agricultural AI Applications
- Explainable AI (XAI)
- Real-time Classification Systems

---

## 📄 License

This project is **MIT Licensed** - feel free to use it for your own portfolio!
